Congratulations.
You deserve it because you made it all the way
until the end of this course.
That's just amazing.
I am really proud of you,
and I want to thank you so much
for staying with me through all this course.
I really, really hope that you have learned a lot
from all of the lectures.
What I showed you in this course will
give you a strong foundation,
and you are now able to build beautiful websites
completely on your own.
Now, let me tell you this.
This may be the end of this course,
but it certainly isn't the end of your journey.
In fact, it is just the beginning.
There is still so much more fun stuff to learn.
Actually, I will be adding bonus lectures in the future
about topics that you, my students,
wish to learn more about.
So, if enough students want to learn
about a specific topic, I will be very happy
to add a bonus video about it.
So, let me know about that in the comment section
right of this video.
Now, once you're a web designer and developer,
one thing you will want to do is
to keep up with the web industry.
Things are in constant change,
and there are always new things to learn.
For instance, five years ago, no one even knew
responsive web design existed.
And today, you simply cannot build a non-responsive website.
So, the best thing you can do to keep up
with all the new best practices,
new tools and new resources is to read web design
and development blogs.
There are plenty of them on the internet,
and I put some of the ones I follow
in the course e-book.
Now, maybe you wonder what else you can do now
to practice your new skills,
and even start to earn some money.
Well, there are actually a lot of things you can do.
For instance, redesign existing websites
that you think are poorly designed.
If you know the owner of the website,
you can even show your redesign
and offer them your services.
You can also design a website for free
for a local charity or something like that.
Or, go to 99 Designs and join design contests.
You will make designs for different contests,
and if you win, you get the prize money.
And once you're more confident,
you can start to do some freelance work
on freelancing websites such as freelancer.com,
oDesk, or Elance.
You can find lots of stuff about these websites
in case you want to start doing this.
I would also love it if you'd stay here
in the course forums helping out others whenever you can,
and remain a valuable part of this community
we're building together here.
Even now that you've completed the course,
feel free to ask me any question you might have.
Now, let me give you one last piece of advice.
Practice, practice, practice your new skills.
Please never stop learning
and you will achieve more than you can imagine.
Dream big.
I wish you all the best for your new career,
and I genuinely hope that all those dreams
may come true.